hey guys THX 152 here I've been a while
since my last post and quite a radical
departure from my last video but took a
lot of the comments to heart about the
antec 900 being too small especially
with my 3-way SLI set up and had a
couple buddies that were building new
rigs based on the mountain mods chassis
and so I decided to try one myself and
I've been extremely happy with it so far
so I thought I'd show you a little bit
about what it looks like today so this
is the system from the sign here and you
can see it's ridiculous in terms of
space now I'm air cooling but that's
just temporary that's going to change
just for now just want to get the system
up and running also made a couple other
changes so I was diet formerly had the
1090t in there but recently microcenter
had this i 7 950 for about a third off
of new eggs price so I had that I had an
EVGA refurb board that was just very
very inexpensive it's an x 58 3 x sli
and anyways put put that in there with
the i7 and I've been just extremely
impressed so far it like three and a
half gigahertz and i have ddr 3 1600 in
there and clocking my cards only at
seven-thirty but i've already hit almost
forty one thousand advantage so just
extremely impressed but anyways let's
take a look at this this mountain months
this chassis is unbelievable very sturdy
very roomy very well painted I opted for
black fan grills I have 4 120 s here one
in the back actually three in the back
and then there's two on top I did go
with these coolermaster smoked black for
my all my fans there and then ended up
going with just us just a simple wire
mesh black fan grill here
and I've been really happy with how it
looks so I've got the sleeving kits and
whatnot so I have a lot of work to do
yet but I just couldn't resist them you
know just plan on sleeping all those
power cables and whatnot my buddy one of
my buddies built a water-cooled set up
on what danger den cooling and such and
I got the I think it's called the
Ascension and that thing is just
ridiculous in terms of size it stands
about six inches higher than this does
so we can show you what it looks like on
the inside so you can see pardon the
mess of wires but plenty of room for
radiators and whatnot and in there right
now is just my little hyper 212 plus
that's been serving me just fine so I'll
go ahead and turn it on here these are
great just these are nickel plated or
they may be solid nickel but very very
high quality switches and there we go
so the the air flow across the three
cards is just tremendous so it does a
good job keeping those cool and so far
I've just been even impressed with the
noise level judging by but you know the
number of 120 s that I have in there
it's it's still fairly quiet so anyway
so that's it let's get a better shot of
the front here and I still haven't
unpacked everything there so eventually
there'll be a bay here but that's it i
hope you guys find this video
interesting and feel free to leave
comments or questions all right thank
you